Hahahaha
Did you listen?
This kid has a big tone
Then you take out that teapot
Open up this kid's eyes
Poor boy
For the sake of Gao Whistle
I'll show you this colorful teapot. Open your eyes
Do you know that this multicolored teapot is the court of the Ming Dynasty
Emperor Chongzhen
Base price 50 million
Boy, are you listening?
50 million. That's not $5,000.
就连
本少爷现在都拿不出来这么多钱
都别说你这个小刺佬
Hahahaha
But
I just went bankrupt, what the hell are you talking about?
When this young master was all-powerful in the river
Are you still playing in the mud?
可是
You are going bankrupt at a high price, are you fucking courting death?
Can't you tell me what else?
a filthy mouth cannot utter decent language
So if I say I can afford this teapot
Ouch hahaha
Poor boy
You want to kill me with laughter?
Forget the whole teapot
You can't even afford a cup lid
But you just bumped into you
You fucking court death, stop it